src/doc/sx.rst, before:

-*- mode: rst; buffer-file-coding-system: utf-8 -*-

Scheduled Transactions
===============================================================

TODO
----------

- meta
  - [ ] GncSxListTreeModelAdapter: s/real/adapted/
  - [ ] generic tree model adapter setup code
  - [ ] move documentation into doxygen comments, here and in sources.
  - [x] move files around
  - [x] printf -> logging

- core
! - [ ] @fixme-s
! - [ ] after updating/merging new instances, ensure sx-instance-state consistency
  - [x] sx list -> qof collection
  - [x] sx engine events
    - [x] sx list collection add/remove -- sx-list GNC_EVENT_ITEM_ADDED, _REMOVED
    - [x] sx modified -- QOF_EVENT_MODIFY
  - [x] sx upcoming instance model
!   - [x] implement sort model
  - [x] rename, re-home gnc-sx-instance-model:sxsl_get_sx_vars
  - [x] rename, re-home gnc-sx-instance-model:parse_vars_from_formula

- unit testing
  - [ ] model updating in the face of change
    - [ ] insert sx
    - [ ] remove sx
    - [ ] update sx
      - [ ] add instances
      - [ ] remove instances
      - [ ] make "weird"
    - [ ] ± disabled flag
  - [x] ensure state consistency model is upheld
  - [ ] check variables-unbound logic
  - [ ] verify summary counts
  - [ ] check "since last run" states
    - [ ] specious datafile dirty-ing
    - [ ] -autocreate[, ±notify]
    - [ ] +autocreate, -notify
    - [ ] +autocreate, +notify
    - [ ] +autocreate, -notify, w/postponed
    - [ ] +autocreate, +notify, w/postponed
  - [ ] bugs
    - [?] Expired scheduled transactions never run - <http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=375892>
  - remove
    - [x] display-using src/gnome-utils/test/test-sx.c

- bugs

! - [x] with SLR open (with instances), add variables to SX; only newly-created instances will have appropriate variable tables.

! - [x] parse from 1.8 file doesn't setup start date correctly;
    daily-auto-yes-notify.xac has start date of 2006-09-26, but new TXN is
    for $today.

    - [x] this causes phantom "SX has been changed, confirm cancel?" problems.

  - [x] created/review txns disappear, eventual crash [ve20070303]_

! - [x] auto-create (+notify) txns not in review list. [ve20070209]_

  - [x] sx-from-trans: "unknown get.type [3]" [dh20070120]_

! - [x] crash with two sx lists open and SX mutation
    - I'm pretty sure this is due to SX lists not getting cleaned up on page close, somehow.

  - [x] no way to clear a variable entry [ve20070209]_

.. _[dh20070120]: http://lists.gnucash.org/pipermail/gnucash-devel/2007-January/019667.html
.. _[ve20070209]: http://lists.gnucash.org/pipermail/gnucash-devel/2007-February/019834.html
.. _[ve20070303]: http://lists.gnucash.org/pipermail/gnucash-devel/2007-March/020069.html

- sx list page
  - [/] make into split panel
    - [ ] fix default slider position
    - [ ] conf-save slider position
! - [x] use gnc-tree-view
! - [x] save/restore state

- sx editor
  - [/] clean up source formatting
  - [ ] move "non-editor" general app/ui code out of bottom of dialog-sx-editor.c
  - [x] re-layout dialog
    - tabs: "overview", "frequency", "template transaction" [, "estimation"]
  - [ ] model-ize
    - (check_consistent, especially...)

GncSxEditModel* gnc_sx_edit_model_new(SchedXaction *sx);

gnc_sxed_check_changed( GncSxEditorDialog *sxed )
gnc_sxed_check_consistent( GncSxEditorDialog *sxed )
gnc_sxed_save_sx( GncSxEditorDialog *sxed )


gchar* gnc_sx_edit_model_get_name(GncSxEditModel *mdl);
void gnc_sx_edit_model_set_name(GncSxEditModel *mdl, gchar *new_name);

- gnc_dense_cal
  - [x] {0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 12} month selection for dense calendar
    - [x] conf-save value
  - [ ] code cleanup
    - [x] min-size
  - [x] start-of-week := {sun,mon} (via locale)
  - [ ] change number-of-month properties to display-named properties (width, length)
  - [ ] gconf setting for dense-cal font-size reduction
  - [?] better transient/floating window
  - [/] (re-format file)
! - [x] font handling: gdk -> pango
  - [x] set_model(GncTemporalInstancesModel *mdl)
    - [x] new interface creation.
    - [x] register callbacks for signals
  - [x] remove clist usage

- sx-from-trans
  - [?] convert to GObject
  - [x] hookup destroy/finalize

- FreqSpec
  - [#] type+ui-type -> type

- use Recurrence instead of FreqSpec
! - [x] load druid
! - [x] sx-from-trans, <http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=412633>
! - [x] XML migration, handling
    - xml:freqSpec -> obj:Recurrence
      - [x] none (Recurrence doesn't support)
      - [x] once
        - [x] if once, fix Recurrence date to be SX start date. :p
      - [x] daily
      - [x] daily [m-f] (composite)
      - [x] weekly, single
      - [x] weekly, multiple (composite)
      - [x] monthly (+quarterly, tri-anually, semi-annually, yearly)
      - [x] semi-monthly (composite)
    - [x] write Recurrences into new-version SX
  - gnc-frequency
!   - [x] Support Recurrence
      - [x] in
      - [x] out
!   - [x] Support 'last-day-of-month'
    - [x] simplify
      - [x] remove daily [m-f] (-> weekly)
      - [x] remove biweekly page (-> weekly)
      - [x] remove > monthly pages (-> monthly)
    - [x] clean up, reformat source
  - gnc-plugin-page-sx-list
    - [x] gnc_plugin_page_sx_list_cmd_new
  - dialog-sx-editor
    - [x] gnc_sxed_check_changed
    - [x] gnc_sxed_check_consistent
    - [x] gnc_sxed_update_cal
    - [x] gnc_sxed_save_sx
  - sx list
    - [x] recurrence_cmp(...)
    - [x] More compact recurrenceListToString(...).
  - [ ] remove FreqSpec code
    - [ ] SX code
      - [ ] engine
      - [ ] backend
      - [ ] gnc-frequency
      - [ ] gnc-dense-cal-store
    - [x] src/gnome/druid-acct-period.c

- gnc_frequency
  - [ ] support nth-weekday Recurrence period.

- since-last-run
  - [ ] "reminder" instances should show number of days until due
  - [ ] "Find unfinished" button; count; sensitize Ok as function of unfinished.
! - [x] save/restore dialog window size
  - [x] remove split pane
  - [x] "auto" scrollbars
! - [x] rewrite adapter (re-)population logic
  - [x] move "effect_change" up to app-utils/, test.
  - [x] move state-change up to app-utils
  - [x] move variable-setting up to app-utils
  - [x] move summarization up to app-utils
  - [x] add reminders, postponed to SxInstanceModel
  - [x] add mutation support to sx instance model
    - [x] state machine
  - [x] add variable state to sx instance model
    - [x] handle (hidden/system not for editing) variables.
  - [x] add sx_upcoming_instance_model()
      - [x] add effect_auto_create()
  - [x] add some sort of "ready to go" flag and api
    - [x] variable setting, primarily
  - [x] some sort of commit_changes()
  - [x] add variable table to instances
  - [x] ui: add 'review created transactions' checkbox to SLR dialog
        using txn search.

- destroy/cleanup, notes:
  - dispose: break references; callable multiple times
  - finalize: complete destruction; just before free; only called once

Pedantic Todo
----------------------

- s/SchedXaction/Scheduled/
- s/temporal_state/instance_sequence_context/
- change instance variable from 'i' to '__i' or something

============================================================

(eventually real documentation... (?))

Since Last Run
----------------------

+------------------+------------------+------------------+
|      Thing       |      State       |      Value       |
+------------------+------------------+------------------+
| - Foo            |                  |                  |
+------------------+------------------+------------------+
|   - 2006-08-27   |  [Postponed|v]   |                  |
+------------------+------------------+------------------+
|     - variable-a |                  |        42        |
+------------------+------------------+------------------+
|     - variable-b |                  |        75        |
+------------------+------------------+------------------+
|   - 2006-08-27   |  [To-Create|v]   |                  |
+------------------+------------------+------------------+
|     - variable-a |                  |        31        |
+------------------+------------------+------------------+
|     - variable-b |                  |  (value needed)  |
+------------------+------------------+------------------+


The since-last-run dialog is a key user interface.  More frequently than the
SX list or editor, the user will be in the process of creating transaction
instances through this interface.

The old SLR dialog has the following stages:

- Reminders
  - can be promoted to "to-create"
- Auto-created, with notification
- To-Create
  - postponed, to-create
  - ignore state.
- Created review
- Obsolete SX cleanup

The new SLR dialog will have the following:

- Creation
  (treemodel consisting of)
  - auto-created
  - reminder
  - postponed
  - to-create
  - [obsolete SX]?

There is no separate to-review page, however the user may (optionally) want
to see the created transactions.  This is done using the transaction-search
functionality over the created transactions by ID.

Upcoming instance states
---------------------------------------

    reminder  -> to-create
    postponed -> to-create
    to-create -> postponed
    to-create -> ignore
    to-create -> created [terminal]

Definitions:

    reminder: a transient upcoming transaction that will not be created.
    postponed: a historical to-create transaction that the user has
        explicitly deferred.
    to-create: an upcoming SX instance that should be created.
    ignore: a scheduled instance the user has explicitly prevented the
        instantiation of.
    created: the instance has been created in this interaction cycle.

Formula Parsing
------------------------

A SXes formula is parsed in the context of:
- the template transaction
  - the accounts of the splits
- the sequence number
- the date of the transaction
- a variable-binding table.

Testing Notes
---------------------

- auto-create
  - auto-create with postponed instances shouldn't destroy postponed
    instances

- basic sequence stuff

dialog-sxsincelast.c:  ~L1241:
"Handle an interesting corner case of postponing or
ignoring the first instance. We only want to increment the
counters for newly-discovered-as-to-be-created SXes."

- auto-create 
  - auto-create transactions can be created w/o user interaction
    - their state is transitioned to 'created', which is not modifiable
  
  - auto-create (+notify) transactions should be displayed, even if they are
    the only transactions created.
  
  - auto-create (-notify) transactions should not be displayed, unless there
    are other transactions.
  
  - Scenarios
    - only auto-create (-notify): no SLR, info dialog w/count (***)
    - only auto-create (+notify): SLR dialog, already created
    - others, auto-create (-notify): SLR dialog, incl. created 
    - others, auto-create (+notify): SLR dialog, incl. created

------------------------------------------------------------

Release Notes
=============

Major overhaul
--------------

The core application-side SX code was overhauled for clarity, modularity, correctness, testability, &c.

SXList Plugin Page
-------------------

The SX list and upcoming-instances calendar moved from a top-level window to being a plugin page in the normal application container.

Since Last Run
--------------

The Since Last Run (SLR) dialog received a functional overhaul as well.  The previous druid-based approach led to a huge bookkeeping headache, as transitioning between pages required partially-processed SXes to be maintained and transactions to be created and destroyed.  As well, the multi-stage dialog approach was just too involved and ill-suited to the task at hand, especially as some stages were conditional on the state of the data.  It made me sad.

The new Since Last Run dialog is a single treeview of upcoming instances and variable bindings.  There's a checkbox to have all created transactions presented after they are.

It's easier to describe via screenshot: <http://asynchronous.org/tmp/sx-cleanup-eg.png>.

Updating/signaling
------------------

Part of the overhaul is a better use of QOF and GObject signaling for updates.  The SX list and SLR update in response to changes in each other; for instance, you can change the frequency or start-range of an SX while the SLR dialog is open, and it will update in place.

Known Issues
------------

(as of 2007-01-14)
- The SX List plugin page doesn't save/restore its state.
- Updating the variables in a formula with the SLR dialog open isn't consistent.
- Closing an sx list plugin page leads to corrupted state.

Licensing
---------

In new files (and old files related to this code that I hold copyright on), I've removed the "or any later version" clause.  I have problems licensing under a license that I haven't read, or that can change in ways I disagree with.  At some point I'll make this change for all source files I hold copyright on, and I intend to not use the clause on sources I (re)write in the future.

Testing
-------

The key areas I think need testing are the new plugin page and the SLR dialog.  It, at least, shouldn't do anything worse than the 1.8/2.0 SX code. :)

Commit message:

add 'every x months' bug note.
git-svn-id: svn+ssh://svn.gnucash.org/repo/gnucash/gnucash/trunk@16153 57a11ea4-9604-0410-9ed3-97b8803252fd

src/doc/sx.rst, after:

-*- mode: rst; buffer-file-coding-system: utf-8 -*-

Scheduled Transactions
===============================================================

TODO
----------

- meta
  - [ ] GncSxListTreeModelAdapter: s/real/adapted/
  - [ ] generic tree model adapter setup code
  - [ ] move documentation into doxygen comments, here and in sources.
  - [x] move files around
  - [x] printf -> logging

- core
! - [ ] @fixme-s
! - [ ] after updating/merging new instances, ensure sx-instance-state consistency
  - [x] sx list -> qof collection
  - [x] sx engine events
    - [x] sx list collection add/remove -- sx-list GNC_EVENT_ITEM_ADDED, _REMOVED
    - [x] sx modified -- QOF_EVENT_MODIFY
  - [x] sx upcoming instance model
!   - [x] implement sort model
  - [x] rename, re-home gnc-sx-instance-model:sxsl_get_sx_vars
  - [x] rename, re-home gnc-sx-instance-model:parse_vars_from_formula

- unit testing
  - [ ] model updating in the face of change
    - [ ] insert sx
    - [ ] remove sx
    - [ ] update sx
      - [ ] add instances
      - [ ] remove instances
      - [ ] make "weird"
    - [ ] ± disabled flag
  - [x] ensure state consistency model is upheld
  - [ ] check variables-unbound logic
  - [ ] verify summary counts
  - [ ] check "since last run" states
    - [ ] specious datafile dirty-ing
    - [ ] -autocreate[, ±notify]
    - [ ] +autocreate, -notify
    - [ ] +autocreate, +notify
    - [ ] +autocreate, -notify, w/postponed
    - [ ] +autocreate, +notify, w/postponed
  - [ ] bugs
    - [?] Expired scheduled transactions never run - <http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=375892>
  - remove
    - [x] display-using src/gnome-utils/test/test-sx.c

- bugs

! - [x] with SLR open (with instances), add variables to SX; only newly-created instances will have appropriate variable tables.

! - [x] parse from 1.8 file doesn't setup start date correctly;
    daily-auto-yes-notify.xac has start date of 2006-09-26, but new TXN is
    for $today.

    - [x] this causes phantom "SX has been changed, confirm cancel?" problems.

  - [x] created/review txns disappear, eventual crash [ve20070303]_

! - [x] auto-create (+notify) txns not in review list. [ve20070209]_

  - [x] sx-from-trans: "unknown get.type [3]" [dh20070120]_

! - [x] crash with two sx lists open and SX mutation
    - I'm pretty sure this is due to SX lists not getting cleaned up on page close, somehow.

  - [x] no way to clear a variable entry [ve20070209]_

.. _[dh20070120]: http://lists.gnucash.org/pipermail/gnucash-devel/2007-January/019667.html
.. _[ve20070209]: http://lists.gnucash.org/pipermail/gnucash-devel/2007-February/019834.html
.. _[ve20070303]: http://lists.gnucash.org/pipermail/gnucash-devel/2007-March/020069.html

- sx list page
  - [/] make into split panel
    - [ ] fix default slider position
    - [ ] conf-save slider position
! - [x] use gnc-tree-view
! - [x] save/restore state

- sx editor
  - [/] clean up source formatting
  - [ ] move "non-editor" general app/ui code out of bottom of dialog-sx-editor.c
  - [x] re-layout dialog
    - tabs: "overview", "frequency", "template transaction" [, "estimation"]
  - [ ] model-ize
    - (check_consistent, especially...)

GncSxEditModel* gnc_sx_edit_model_new(SchedXaction *sx);

gnc_sxed_check_changed( GncSxEditorDialog *sxed )
gnc_sxed_check_consistent( GncSxEditorDialog *sxed )
gnc_sxed_save_sx( GncSxEditorDialog *sxed )


gchar* gnc_sx_edit_model_get_name(GncSxEditModel *mdl);
void gnc_sx_edit_model_set_name(GncSxEditModel *mdl, gchar *new_name);

- gnc_dense_cal
  - [x] {0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 12} month selection for dense calendar
    - [x] conf-save value
  - [ ] code cleanup
    - [x] min-size
  - [x] start-of-week := {sun,mon} (via locale)
  - [ ] change number-of-month properties to display-named properties (width, length)
  - [ ] gconf setting for dense-cal font-size reduction
  - [?] better transient/floating window
  - [/] (re-format file)
! - [x] font handling: gdk -> pango
  - [x] set_model(GncTemporalInstancesModel *mdl)
    - [x] new interface creation.
    - [x] register callbacks for signals
  - [x] remove clist usage

- sx-from-trans
  - [?] convert to GObject
  - [x] hookup destroy/finalize

- FreqSpec
  - [#] type+ui-type -> type

- use Recurrence instead of FreqSpec
! - [x] load druid
! - [x] sx-from-trans, <http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=412633>
! - [x] XML migration, handling
    - xml:freqSpec -> obj:Recurrence
      - [x] none (Recurrence doesn't support)
      - [x] once
        - [x] if once, fix Recurrence date to be SX start date. :p
      - [x] daily
      - [x] daily [m-f] (composite)
      - [x] weekly, single
      - [x] weekly, multiple (composite)
      - [x] monthly (+quarterly, tri-anually, semi-annually, yearly)
      - [x] semi-monthly (composite)
    - [x] write Recurrences into new-version SX
  - gnc-frequency
!   - [x] Support Recurrence
      - [x] in
      - [x] out
!   - [x] Support 'last-day-of-month'
    - [x] simplify
      - [x] remove daily [m-f] (-> weekly)
      - [x] remove biweekly page (-> weekly)
      - [x] remove > monthly pages (-> monthly)
    - [x] clean up, reformat source
  - gnc-plugin-page-sx-list
    - [x] gnc_plugin_page_sx_list_cmd_new
  - dialog-sx-editor
    - [x] gnc_sxed_check_changed
    - [x] gnc_sxed_check_consistent
    - [x] gnc_sxed_update_cal
    - [x] gnc_sxed_save_sx
  - sx list
    - [x] recurrence_cmp(...)
    - [x] More compact recurrenceListToString(...).
  - [ ] remove FreqSpec code
    - [ ] SX code
      - [ ] engine
      - [ ] backend
      - [ ] gnc-frequency
      - [ ] gnc-dense-cal-store
    - [x] src/gnome/druid-acct-period.c

- gnc_frequency
  - [ ] 'every x months' spin button makes large jumps

    <andi5> jsled: another topic: you have probably seen the "every x months"
    spin button make jumps greater than one, right? ... this seems to be due
    to a spin button timeout event which controls "fast-forward"
    spinning... it is run because the changed(?) signal handler is too slow

  - [ ] support nth-weekday Recurrence period.

- since-last-run
  - [ ] "reminder" instances should show number of days until due
  - [ ] "Find unfinished" button; count; sensitize Ok as function of unfinished.
! - [x] save/restore dialog window size
  - [x] remove split pane
  - [x] "auto" scrollbars
! - [x] rewrite adapter (re-)population logic
  - [x] move "effect_change" up to app-utils/, test.
  - [x] move state-change up to app-utils
  - [x] move variable-setting up to app-utils
  - [x] move summarization up to app-utils
  - [x] add reminders, postponed to SxInstanceModel
  - [x] add mutation support to sx instance model
    - [x] state machine
  - [x] add variable state to sx instance model
    - [x] handle (hidden/system not for editing) variables.
  - [x] add sx_upcoming_instance_model()
      - [x] add effect_auto_create()
  - [x] add some sort of "ready to go" flag and api
    - [x] variable setting, primarily
  - [x] some sort of commit_changes()
  - [x] add variable table to instances
  - [x] ui: add 'review created transactions' checkbox to SLR dialog
        using txn search.

- destroy/cleanup, notes:
  - dispose: break references; callable multiple times
  - finalize: complete destruction; just before free; only called once

Pedantic Todo
----------------------

- s/SchedXaction/Scheduled/
- s/temporal_state/instance_sequence_context/
- change instance variable from 'i' to '__i' or something

============================================================

(eventually real documentation... (?))

Since Last Run
----------------------

+------------------+------------------+------------------+
|      Thing       |      State       |      Value       |
+------------------+------------------+------------------+
| - Foo            |                  |                  |
+------------------+------------------+------------------+
|   - 2006-08-27   |  [Postponed|v]   |                  |
+------------------+------------------+------------------+
|     - variable-a |                  |        42        |
+------------------+------------------+------------------+
|     - variable-b |                  |        75        |
+------------------+------------------+------------------+
|   - 2006-08-27   |  [To-Create|v]   |                  |
+------------------+------------------+------------------+
|     - variable-a |                  |        31        |
+------------------+------------------+------------------+
|     - variable-b |                  |  (value needed)  |
+------------------+------------------+------------------+


The since-last-run dialog is a key user interface.  More frequently than the
SX list or editor, the user will be in the process of creating transaction
instances through this interface.

The old SLR dialog has the following stages:

- Reminders
  - can be promoted to "to-create"
- Auto-created, with notification
- To-Create
  - postponed, to-create
  - ignore state.
- Created review
- Obsolete SX cleanup

The new SLR dialog will have the following:

- Creation
  (treemodel consisting of)
  - auto-created
  - reminder
  - postponed
  - to-create
  - [obsolete SX]?

There is no separate to-review page, however the user may (optionally) want
to see the created transactions.  This is done using the transaction-search
functionality over the created transactions by ID.

Upcoming instance states
---------------------------------------

    reminder  -> to-create
    postponed -> to-create
    to-create -> postponed
    to-create -> ignore
    to-create -> created [terminal]

Definitions:

    reminder: a transient upcoming transaction that will not be created.
    postponed: a historical to-create transaction that the user has
        explicitly deferred.
    to-create: an upcoming SX instance that should be created.
    ignore: a scheduled instance the user has explicitly prevented the
        instantiation of.
    created: the instance has been created in this interaction cycle.

Formula Parsing
------------------------

A SXes formula is parsed in the context of:
- the template transaction
  - the accounts of the splits
- the sequence number
- the date of the transaction
- a variable-binding table.

Testing Notes
---------------------

- auto-create
  - auto-create with postponed instances shouldn't destroy postponed
    instances

- basic sequence stuff

dialog-sxsincelast.c:  ~L1241:
"Handle an interesting corner case of postponing or
ignoring the first instance. We only want to increment the
counters for newly-discovered-as-to-be-created SXes."

- auto-create 
  - auto-create transactions can be created w/o user interaction
    - their state is transitioned to 'created', which is not modifiable
  
  - auto-create (+notify) transactions should be displayed, even if they are
    the only transactions created.
  
  - auto-create (-notify) transactions should not be displayed, unless there
    are other transactions.
  
  - Scenarios
    - only auto-create (-notify): no SLR, info dialog w/count (***)
    - only auto-create (+notify): SLR dialog, already created
    - others, auto-create (-notify): SLR dialog, incl. created 
    - others, auto-create (+notify): SLR dialog, incl. created

------------------------------------------------------------

Release Notes
=============

Major overhaul
--------------

The core application-side SX code was overhauled for clarity, modularity, correctness, testability, &c.

SXList Plugin Page
-------------------

The SX list and upcoming-instances calendar moved from a top-level window to being a plugin page in the normal application container.

Since Last Run
--------------

The Since Last Run (SLR) dialog received a functional overhaul as well.  The previous druid-based approach led to a huge bookkeeping headache, as transitioning between pages required partially-processed SXes to be maintained and transactions to be created and destroyed.  As well, the multi-stage dialog approach was just too involved and ill-suited to the task at hand, especially as some stages were conditional on the state of the data.  It made me sad.

The new Since Last Run dialog is a single treeview of upcoming instances and variable bindings.  There's a checkbox to have all created transactions presented after they are.

It's easier to describe via screenshot: <http://asynchronous.org/tmp/sx-cleanup-eg.png>.

Updating/signaling
------------------

Part of the overhaul is a better use of QOF and GObject signaling for updates.  The SX list and SLR update in response to changes in each other; for instance, you can change the frequency or start-range of an SX while the SLR dialog is open, and it will update in place.

Known Issues
------------

(as of 2007-01-14)
- The SX List plugin page doesn't save/restore its state.
- Updating the variables in a formula with the SLR dialog open isn't consistent.
- Closing an sx list plugin page leads to corrupted state.

Licensing
---------

In new files (and old files related to this code that I hold copyright on), I've removed the "or any later version" clause.  I have problems licensing under a license that I haven't read, or that can change in ways I disagree with.  At some point I'll make this change for all source files I hold copyright on, and I intend to not use the clause on sources I (re)write in the future.

Testing
-------

The key areas I think need testing are the new plugin page and the SLR dialog.  It, at least, shouldn't do anything worse than the 1.8/2.0 SX code. :)
